Now with the alert controller added, we're pretty much done,
one of the missing things is that I also want to redirect here in this very unlikely case that we somehow
get to this page without having a recipe in the URL,
so I will do that there
and with that I'm happy with that setup, with what we achieved here.
I hope you see why using Angular together with Ionic can be helpful
and in the end, it's just a normal Angular app with the Ionic magic added to it
you could say. This therefore is of course the setup
I'll continue with for the rest of the course and with which we'll build the entire course project then.
There's one more thing I want to show you
just to make this really clear on how it works and how it works together with Ionic. Obviously in this
Angular project, you can still create your normal Angular components which you use with their selectors
in your templates, so you can not just generate pages with Angular components,
you can still use them as you use them in any Angular project.
So I can use Ionic generate here again and as you will see, besides being able to create a page, I can now
also create normal component,
so let's go with that. Of
course you could have typed Ionic generate component as well and the path will be recipes, recipe item
here and this will simply be a single recipe item which I output here in my list.
So I'll grab this ion-item code here from the recipes page component and add it to the HTML file
of my recipe item component.
So this is now not a full Ionic page,
it is just keeping or containing some Ionic components and it could also just contain other Angular components
or normal HTML, the key takeaway is
this will not be rendered as an Ionic page.
I also don't want to have ngFor on this ion-item here, instead in recipe item,
I want to have a property, recipe item maybe which will be a recipe, so it will be of type recipe and therefore
you should import recipe from the recipe model file and this will be bindable from outside.
How does that work in Angular?
Well you add @input in front of it right
and input is imported from @angular/core.
So you can continue building these normal Angular components with inputs, outputs and so on.
Here we're using an input and make recipe item bindable from outside,
therefore in the template of recipe item I can use recipe item here and here because that is the name
of my property now, of that bindable property and we can now start using recipe item by its selector in
our recipes page.
Now recipes module was automatically updated by the Ionic CLI and it added recipe item component
there to the declarations which is correct because I want to use it in this module,
I want to use it in the recipes page, so declaring it in the app module or anything like that would have
been wrong,
you have to declare it in the module where you use it and we do use it here.
So now in the recipes page component file here, we can use app recipe item, that is the selector of the
component that was created,
you can of course see that here in the component Typescript file and all we have to do is we
have to pass a value for our recipe item.
Now this can be done by still going through all our recipes with ngFor here,
so recipe of recipes, this doesn't change and that recipe is then forwarded as a recipe item to the app recipe
item component
and with that if you save that, it should now rebuild and work in exactly the same way as before.
Here we have our items and we can still tap them and navigate around.
So those works as before and I'm simply showing you this because I really want to make sure that you
understand that this is a normal Angular project and you can build Angular components as you're used to.
And indeed if you compare Angular components and Ionic components, you'll see that you use them in a
similar way inside of your Angular project, of course Angular components are created by you with
@component or you're importing some other third-party library and actually as I mentioned, @ionic/angular,
this package in the end wraps all the Ionic web components into Angular components.
So technically, these also are Angular components now but they're only thinly wrapped, in its core,
there's still web components.
So we create our own components with @component,
we use them inside of our Angular templates and that's the only place where we can use them, Angular
will render them to the DOM for us, will render the content of their templates to the DOM for us
and as I mentioned, we can only use Angular components in an Angular app. Ionic components,
well Ionic ships these pre-built web components and you can't edit them, they're open source but you can't
edit them, they will not allow you to merge your changes into the Ionic repository without a very good
reason. Ionic components use native web technologies, they are web components and yes they are wrapped
here by @ionic/angular but in its core, there're still web components in there and you can therefore
use these web components anywhere, in any project, anywhere, not just inside of Angular apps. And I mentioned
this a couple of times, I think it's pretty clear now, it is just important to understand which is why
I'm emphasizing this over and over again.